if you've ever watched Chris Cuomo over
on CNN you may have wondered how'd this
guy get a TV show
sure he's got well-defined abdominal
muscles and good for him but he can
barely speak English there nights when
Cuomo emits entire paragraphs that mean
nothing at all just pure gibberish like
Pig Latin or dogs barking it's kind of
remarkable was this guy educated in the
United States
let's check Wikipedia wait a second the
entry says that Chris Cuomo went to Yale
University in Connecticut that can't be
right Yale has famously high admission
standards your kids couldn't get into
Yale no chance they'd have to be
incredibly smart geniuses really is
Chris Cuomo a secret genius does he have
some amazing talent that's invisible on
television maybe he speaks Follis I do
maybe he has a deep grounding in
particle physics perhaps he can
calculate PI to the final digit actually
no Chris Cuomo can't do any of that it
turns out he has an even more impressive
qualification his father was the
governor of New York if you want to get
into a top American college it's best to
have a parent who's a well-known
Democratic politician that's the most
effective credential of all and don't
take our word for it
ask Dante de Blasio the son of Bill de
Blasio the incompetent mayor of New York
City there's no evidence that the
Younger de Blasio did remarkably well in
high school and yet like Chris Cuomo he
somehow got into Yale
once there Dante de Blasio found himself
surrounded by people just like himself
the thoroughly average children of other
prominent liberals according to press
reports that would include the offspring
of at least three Democrats currently
serving in the US Senate Michael Bennett
Amy Klobuchar and Sheldon Whitehouse all
of them sent kids to Yale did you know
that they did their colleague Richard
Blumenthal of Connecticut meanwhile is
one of a stunning number of Senate
Democrats who have sent children to
Harvard University Senator Bob Menendez
of New Jersey is a Harvard parent so is
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer
Schumer sent both his kids to Harvard
Barack Obama sent one of his so did
former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer
the all-time record though must go
to former Vice President Al Gore Al Gore
sent for imagine that four kids in a row
to Harvard what are the odds of that
occurring in nature well statistically
it's about as likely as getting hit by
lightning every single day for a year
and yet somehow the gore family pulled
it off
congratulations gore family Andrew Cuomo
the sitting governor of New York sent
one of his kids to Harvard but the other
two went to brown
that's also an Ivy League university
that your kids could never get into
Brown is as they say highly selective at
least for the children of non
politicians but for pure 200-proof
exclusivity
nothing beats Stanford University
outside San Francisco you could live
your entire life in this country and
never meet a single person who went to
Stanford
it's that rarefied and yet here's the
amazing part Hillary Clinton's daughter
breezed right in how did Chelsea do that
was it a formidable brain power well you
can check out our Twitter feed and judge
for yourself
now there's a chance that Chelsea is
intentionally misleading us it's
possible to her entire public persona is
the kind of performance art a subversive
Borat style parody of mindless lifestyle
liberalism if that's the case Chelsea
Clinton is utterly brilliant
she's the Jonathan Swift of our time but
it's also possible that Chelsea isn't
joking at all it's possible indeed it's
even probable that she is every bit as
dull and self serious as she appears to
be in that case not only is Chelsea
Clinton profoundly sub brilliant you've
got to wonder how she holds a paying job
how did someone like that get into
Stanford you might have the same
question about some of the kids at
Georgetown University in Washington DC
Georgetown alumni magazine is available
online so next time you've got a second
free take a look
you'll recognize many of the names
inside Biden Pelosi Kennedy these are
the children of famous Democratic
politicians are they impressive
hard-working kids who deserve to be at
one of this country's most prestigious
universities possibly maybe some of them
maybe not doesn't matter
in fact it's irrelevant they're the
offspring of prominent Democrats that's
the point and that's why they're at
Georgetown
so how does this happen what happens
because our meritocracy is a sham
it's fake they tell you that only the
most accomplished students get into
these schools but they're lying they're
friends kids get first dibs fellow
members of their social circle kids
whose families can help them down the
road the children of sympathetic
politicians are an obvious priority for
admissions officers these are the same
politicians who funneled billions in tax
dollars to colleges and universities
every year so letting a senator's kid
into harvard it's just smart business
the quid pro quo is obvious it's a kind
of unregulated lobbying remember the
varsity blues scandal in california
where a group of socially anxious soccer
moms trying to game the college
admissions system well this is far more
corrupt than that except that nobody's
going to prison for it so how many Kris
Cuomo's get into Yale every year it'd be
nice to know but we don't know like
almost everything about higher education
it's opaque prestigious schools can
pretend that they admit only the most
qualified applicants because nobody can
prove otherwise
the real admissions numbers are secret
they're hidden from public view even
though we pay for those schools because
all of them take massive amounts in tax
dollars elite colleges are like public
companies that lie about their balance
sheets they're cooking the books to
defraud shareholders in this case the
shareholders are the entire country a
handful of elite schools form the
gateway to success in America if you go
to Harvard you're all but guaranteed to
make more money over the course of your
life than someone who didn't go to
Harvard it's that simple
and so when you rigged the admissions
system what you're really rigging is
American society you're creating an
impenetrable class system for your own
benefit and that's exactly what they're
doing
you often your progressive said that
they worry about income inequality they
don't mean it at all how do you know
they don't mean it because if the left
really cared about the stratification of
American society they would make college
admissions transparent they forced
Stanford for example to open the books
and show the rest of us how exactly they
were assembling this year's freshman
class that's what they do
and yet Democrats in Congress haven't
done that and won't do that
they seem strangely and curious about
how the process works like they don't
really want to know all the details
in fact they already know precisely how
the admissions game works and they
strongly approve
why wouldn't they improve their kids are
benefiting from it